fix(react-query): update peerDependency, @tanstack/react-query to version 4.40.0 and deprecate old options (#1639)
toss/suspensive: .changeset/healthy-apricots-chew.md

---
"@suspensive/react-query-4": minor
"@suspensive/react-query-5": minor
"@suspensive/react-query": minor
---

> chore: update react-query dependencies to version 4.40.0 and deprecate old options

Author: ```suggestion
fix(react-query): update peerDependency, @tanstack/react-query to version 4.40.0 and deprecate old options
```
